Correct the format of Regional Endpoints in the list of Regions (#4554)
temporalio/documentation: docs/cloud/high-availability/ha-connectivity.mdx

Temporal Cloud expresses the active replica through DNS:

- The Namespace DNS record (`<ns>.<account>.tmprl.cloud`) is a CNAME.

> - It points to the active region's regional record (`<region>.<provider>.api.temporal.io`).

Reviewer: Same comment for this whole page, I don't think we're CNAME'ing HA Namespace Endpoints to api.temporal.io domains

Reviewer: ```
daniel@Daniels-MacBook-Pro saas-components % dig daniel.a2dd6.tmprl.cloud

; <<>> DiG 9.10.6 <<>> daniel.a2dd6.tmprl.cloud
;; global options: +cmd
;; Got answer:
;; ->>HEADER<<- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: 13742
;; flags: qr rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 7, AUTHORITY: 0, ADDITIONAL: 1

;; OPT PSEUDOSECTION:
; EDNS: version: 0, flags:; udp: 4096
;; QUESTION SECTION:
;daniel.a2dd6.tmprl.cloud.      IN      A

;; ANSWER SECTION:
daniel.a2dd6.tmprl.cloud. 15    IN      CNAME   aws-us-east-1.region.tmprl.cloud.
aws-us-east-1.region.tmprl.cloud. 60 IN A       54.86.97.16
aws-us-east-1.region.tmprl.cloud. 60 IN A       35.170.125.250
aws-us-east-1.region.tmprl.cloud. 60 IN A       34.195.80.228
aws-us-east-1.region.tmprl.cloud. 60 IN A       100.28.203.93
aws-us-east-1.region.tmprl.cloud. 60 IN A       52.86.32.76
aws-us-east-1.region.tmprl.cloud. 60 IN A       34.199.152.251
```

Author: right, Docs was correct originally

> - It points to the active region's regional record (`<region>.<provider>.api.temporal.io`).

Author: ```suggestion
- It points to the active region's regional record (`<provider>-<region>.region.tmprl.cloud`).
```
